Ubuntu font 0.869 and old style numerals (#4812)
canonical/vanilla-framework: templates/docs/base/typography.md

Previously this style was implemented as `.p-text--x-small-capitalised` class name. This name is now deprecated and will be removed in next major version of Vanilla, please use `.p-text--small-caps` instead.

## Old-style numerals

> Old-style numerals are a font feature that changes the appearance of numbers in text to match the height of lowercase letters. The small-caps text uses old-style numerals by default. To apply old-style numerals to other text, add the class `u-oldstyle-nums`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text figures are numerals designed to echo the varying height and alignment to the baseline of lowercase text. 

### When to use: 
Text figures work better when placed within small caps headings (with the class `.p-text--small-caps`), where we've set them as the new default. Generally, they are recommended within blocks of lowercase text too, although we haven't set that as a default. To apply old-style numerals styling, add the class `u-oldstyle-nums`.

### When not to use: 
Text figures should never be used next to uppercase text. Care should be taken in tables and other scenarios where there is a lot of numeric data.

```

Reviewer: One ommission here, still says old style
![image](https://github.com/canonical/vanilla-framework/assets/2741678/1e816be2-9f09-4627-98bf-6456443f622d)
